---
layout: post
title: 'Goals for 2010'
published: true
---

Like probably every person in the world, I also have my list of things to do in 2010. First of all I should really, *really*, write more blogposts. One post per week is a nice goal ...

Next to that I should also get back to work on my thesis. The last month I've barely made progress. Main cause are a bunch of school projects I had to finish, which, by tradition, are always given at the end of the semester. (And of course one of these projects has to play the role of b*tch.)

Pokerwise I only played 80k hands last year. As a reference, some people play 80k hands *per month* ... Needless to say my volume should increase if I want to make some nice profits. As a general guideline I want to play at least 100k hands at 100NL. Possible 200k or more with the help of [Polyphasic sleeping](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polyphasic_sleep). Of course a lot of my volume depends on how the current legislation concerning online gambling will evolve. Rumors has it PokerStars is already negotiating with the Belgium comission on gambling, and yesterday I also read an article about Ladbrokes probably not getting banned. Taking into account that the current law doesn't require us, pokerplayers, to pay taxes on our winnings, the new legislation might not be as worse as expected.

The polyphasic sleeping thing I mentioned earlier, is something I plan to do once my exams are finished. I'm not a 100 percent certain which sleeping pattern I want to try, but most likely it'll be Everyman or Uberman. I still have some practical planning to do (like deciding *when* to take my naps), but I'm really looking forward to try it out and having gazillions of time to spend.